Okay people, we are almost there. I know this is the this is very long even for me I'm recording it right, but I still I don't know. I won't open the tiktok and scroll so it's pretty long though, but okay overall after all these lectures and fancy stuff you can still ask me. What am what am I even doing here?

Anyway? What's going on? So and I will try to answer this question right now. So Look at this as the experiential experimental learning During your final project you will learn how to use Google Cloud platform the Linux terminal subnets so what is there?

How the data flows how the machine learning models really deployed into the production you will work on building and iteratively improving your models because to make the good model with the good with a yeah with a good performance in the production from the first attempt. It's pretty tough because usually on the in the enterprise data science flow there is some steps to test your model in production and see the real-life metrics not only the kind of the synthetic data on static training data sets so and you yeah, you will deploy model and take a look on the model using our live leaderboards as well as yeah, you will have hands-on experience with cloud as I mentioned and live AI system okay, so yeah here how it works behind the scenes you need to train you will mimic the minor behavior in other words data scientist Behavior, but you will not only be the data scientist you will also be the MLOps engineer and the data engineer in the very end you will track your model how it perform what is what model tracks good what model tracks bad and so yeah, this is why we look on this opportunity as the very huge advantage of yours because you are not only you will not only touch all these tools but as well as you will Understand how to use it into the production because prior to that you were working with a static call-up with a stress with a static training and validation data with the static and Building stone models and their performance. Well now you have an opportunity to take a look how it works in the real world so our problem statement what we're even trying to do we trying to Predict let me show you on the I will pull the website screw this presentation. I will pull the website so what's going on here this example, right?

We're trying to predict the Energy demand in the New England including connect you could Massachusetts and other places yeah, we have as an input we have them let me let me show you give me a second so this is our database. This is the core where the all the data leaves so you have we have here training data with specific format that miners are used to create a training data set for you It's had the timestamp the total load in the specific time and all the weather data right here so these for example 9 now it's 9 28 p.m. And this data is the most recent actual data that was It's uploading here automatically using the IPI of the ICO New England of the Energy energy load data so and it's got data engineered into the specific format Second thing is the test data set this data set is in future. It lives in future all this weather information It's forecasted.

So is the forecasted Weather information that we are pulling from Iowa yeah, I own environmental Data government platform. So this platform allows us to pull government ready Weather forecast okay. So yeah our I think it should be now pretty clear. What is our training data?

It's the data from the past and our test data when your minor is deployed in production Minor receives minor receives rows from the test data from the future to make a prediction but if you using the leg features, right the leg features are looking in the past they will still use the Past total demand from the training data set that are in the past okay Speaking about the leaderboard itself we have here several options 1 hour 6 hours 24 hours 7 days and 30 days. I Think the most representative one is the 24 hours here on the right. You can see the accumulated blockchain Scores that your minor received. So for example minor number 6 for the last 24 hours it has the oh, I'm minor number 4 so I'm pretty proud with my num with my minor right now and for the last 24 hours the accumulation score accumulated score was this number for example minor number 17 is on the seventh place is professor Dave's Model and it's also doing like pretty fine.

The next leaderboard. This one is the leaderboard that shows information in each point of time so each five minutes it's Updating and you can see here for example minor number 54 made the best prediction in the last specific data point so but for the 24 last 24 hours minor 54 Wasn't that good? Where it is? I can't find it.

So it's not even top 10 but so this is why this leaderboard is less represent Representative because some model can make just Random prediction and it could be right in the specific time but on the Several hours period the accumulated result is worse than worse than that okay, how to use this plot here you also can filter on the six days on the days and hours for example, you can see here on the 30 days Let's take a look on the 30 days that there are clear patterns in the energy demand data but also here the most represent a representative one is 24 hours. Let me take my minor this is my minor number four and as we can see here, it's not doing Great, but in general it can sometimes at this sometimes catch the general pattern Let's take a look on minor number six. Oh, wow should this minor the best minor here, right? The best minor Now I understand why it's best minor so this is the best model so far Let's take a look on minor number 18 and it's funny though this minor had a really good model, but it didn't catch the Today's pattern because today is very rainy and cold day.

So this is why a lot of people turn on their heaters and it wasn't the model didn't catch it the model thought it's gonna be like it was like yesterday you see these these spikes are here. So maybe model this model mimics the previous behavior okay, and you also can you know, for example, I can take my minor and look at professor Dave's minor and add the Top minor number six and I just can can compare them What's going on? So yeah, you can take a look on this website and I think this is mostly so we really hope that you're gonna enjoy it you're gonna Have fun with this because for example, I personally I'm so proud that my minor my model is much higher in our ranking event professor days. So hey professor.

I'm waiting for you and also, I know that minor number six. These are really cool minor is a minor of one of our team members his name is Matt. He's the data science genius. I would say okay.

Other than that. I think I hope at least that you will find it fun and as well as it will help you and your education. So good luck be creative experiment Try to do some cool stuff and Enjoy it. Okay guys.

Good luck with your final project and reach out to me with any questions okay. Bye. Bye
