Yeah, let's go to the next step. It's the Google Cloud platform virtual machine setup you can use these guides step by step. Here is a screenshots how to do it, but yeah, let me do it Let me do it in live format. So when you start you will start with this Welcome page and you can just type virtual machine here virtual machine instances you go here Let's check what our first steps activate free trial open.

Okay, we've done that yeah, we need to first things first. We need to create a firewall rule. What's this firewall rule is doing? It's basically open your virtual machine to the rest of the network since miners and validators why it's decentralized because it's the separate machine separate people in the different parts of the world and they should be able to speak with each other so this is why we should create the firewall rule that will open your virtual machine to the rest of the world Let's go and create this firewall rule.

You can just type it here Firewall rules and we need to click there create the firewall rule here. Let's do this Our name I use the name allow TCP 80 91 80 91 is number of the port okay, we've done that then we need to do we need to choose Name done direction direction in grass action on match Default stay and our targets all instances in the network, right all instances in the network and we should Use here done non non allow specified protocol imports click TCP put 1891 and it should be it. Yes, and we click create. I already have this rule.

So it set it up here so as you can see that all Settings are exactly the same as I showed and now it will be applied to the URL all virtual machines in your Google Cloud Platform account. Let's go back to the virtual machines. We have Instances and we need to click create instance create instance the name you can you can leave default okay, what our next step we need to change the boot disk, so basically we need to change the OS that this virtual machine will use the OS it's the for example your Mac OS or the Windows, but for virtual machines most of the time people and developers they use Linux since it's very light and works fast and a lot of a lot of projects are Working on the Linux without any problems so, okay, we need to click change here according to the guide and we will use Ubuntu this version you can just copy paste it here. Okay, I'm going to find this exact version 224 LTS is it correct LTS 8664 okay, this is correct and we need to change the size of the disk to 25 gigabytes click select and our next step is create the virtual machine Itself, I think the rest of them the rest of the settings stays default here so we just need to click create.

Let's create it will take some time to deploy it so as we can see here, it's pending it's creating. Please don't forget to Switch it off after the course Since it will take from you around twenty five twenty six dollars per each month and you have three hundred dollars as a free trial, but it's gonna end sooner that you understand that you've figured out. Okay, let's I will take a pause here and when it's done, I will continue okay, cool. It's done and we need to click SSH here and it will open you with new window so what's going on here?

We are connecting to our virtual machine Hey yeah, that's cool. Now. We have the real Computer somewhere on the Google servers that we can do all the things that come up into our mind, right? Okay, this is the this is the final step here and with a new video we will go to the part two
