Hey everyone, it's a long time no see right we were working a lot on the development and testing to make your life and your education more entertaining and as well as Easier for you to make some things so yeah, let's start. We stopped last time. I think on deploying the moving average minor, right? So I assume that you have Running moving average minor and we will go next to the update and restart because a lot of changes were made inside the remote repository our main branch we will need to fetch all these changes and Apply them.

But first things first, I want to show you some Linux basics so you Sorry, so it's easier for you to navigate and understand what you're doing and how to navigate Linux really so let's let's open my terminal window okay, so first things first I want to remove all this information is because it's a Irrelevant, sorry, and I just need to press to enter clear command. Okay. Now terminal is clear Let's start with the first command Pwd it's print working directory. It shows you the path of Where you are right now let's press Let's enter the least command less.

It's just printing the list of all the folders inside your Working directory right now. So CD means change directory and let's go to the advanced ML testing okay. Now as you can see, I am inside this folder right now and if I do this comment one more time, I can see that the BittBridge folder inside this command here Let's dive deeper into the BittBridge folder One more time list command. Okay, I can see all the files from the BittBridge folder right now What is CD and double dot change directory double dot?

It's just you goes up to the one level, right? So now if we list command we can see that I am one level above and Let's go back to the BittBridge Now I'm inside the BittBridge folder and for example if I press Print working directory command, I can see the path. Where am I right now? Okay, let's clear it up What's next next is nano so nano is this command opens the basic Linux text editor so let's make some edits into the configuration file model prams.yaml this is the main file you will work with and okay, I can scroll up I can scroll down and I can make all the changes here so for example, let's change false Let's put it through here I Need to press ctrl o to save this file.

It asks us do we want to change the name of the file? I don't want to change anything. So I just press enter and Press ctrl x to close it up yeah, how I'm how I do this so I just press arrow up or arrow down and We're using this flow I can find the previous commands that was exit you executed in this terminal okay okay, control R. I can find the Command that also was previously executed.

For example, I want to activate the virtual environment and I need to run that so you see I put just saw source and it found me the source to wait virtual environment command that I run some some time in the bus. So I keep enter and this command was executed and okay, let me show you one last thing how to scroll inside tmux session. So I assume you have run in minor tmux attach terminal and as you can see here my minor is running, but if I try to scroll it's it doesn't allow me to do so but I can still do it. So we need to press ctrl B and this this thing I don't remember the name sorry so it's control B and this sign and when you see on top Right corner the yellow numbers.

It means that you entered the navigation mode and here I can use my mouse or I can use my arrows to scroll up Right. I can scroll down and to quit this Inevigation mode I need just press Q press Q and my tmux session continue to work without me. Okay, I will stop here and in next recording I will explain you how to update your Repository on the code base and fetch all the most recent changes. Thank you
