Hey everyone, how you doing? I'm excited to introduce you with our new feature It's the custom model plugin architecture and in this demo. I will with you in the live We'll go through it. Okay.

So first and first we start on this page please take a look on all these rules and disclaimers they are important and okay, let me start with Opening my virtual machine. I will do everything with you I'll take a pause while it's loading okay, so I will do it first. Just clear my terminal okay, I cleared it and Let's go through the guide first. I will follow this flow right here and yeah, let's go to the update and restart page It's changed a little bit so you can also please take a look especially on the important nodes but first thing first, I need to go to my British folder this is it.

I have a little bit different naming than you but still I have this CD with the bridge folder I will run these commands okay Inside and here I can do get pulled okay, you see I have the error of a good pull and I have in the guide there is specific information how to make it work. So get reset hard and then get pulled okay, cool. So I pulled all the changes from my remote repository and then I need to update my Python dependencies, so I am just running the commands from the script and I will take a pause until it's done okay, it's done. So I clear my terminal what's next?

Okay. Now it's time to experiment with the models I go back to our main guide and also I will run here this pseudo update command okay, and I will come back when it's done okay, it's all done all updated. And now I will I just want to play with my yeah, I just want to add Let's pick up couple features so I want to pick up the temperature and humidity, for example play with this feature as you want and yeah, let me use the Lex feature just last two hours. I think my model won't be that good.

But let's try so I save this features Why? All right. Okay, it's done here and What is my next step now? I need to run my minor okay, so I will use the option number three Number three.

I don't want to update my training Data set timing and yes, I want to create a new folder. Yes here I will use the folder name from example custom test Creating this folder. So what's going on behind the scenes? There is New folder names artifacts and the custom test model custom test folder created and inside of this is going to be the training data set There's some metadata in JSON format as well as template of call up not to book.

Okay, it's created Let's let's have a look I'm going to change directory to artifacts folder Change directory to custom model folder that I just created okay, it's Everything is here. So then I need to create the zip archive of this folder. I will go one level above so as you can see here, I'm inside artifacts folder, right and I will run this command zip Create the zip archive and it's creating the zipper archive out of the custom test folder that just was created and I want to know let me show you so you can see there. There is a new zipper kind file Let's know the file the path of this zip archive and we need to download it locally on my laptop so I'm downloaded it from virtual machine to my laptop, okay, it's nice Don't it doesn't want to work.

So I restart my virtual machine to make the download file option available price clear terminal okay, let me okay, I am going one more time inside artifacts here I want to know the real path of the zipper kind Done. This is my real path and I just put it in download okay, download started. I will come back when it's done okay, I have my zipper kind Downloaded locally. Here is the folder Did it yes, okay here it is so you can see here it was downloaded just now.

What are my next steps? Okay, now we go to the call up let's go open the call up so we need to open the starting page of the Google call up. It's the call up research Google com I click upload here and I will I will choose this custom train Call up file Think about this call up file as a template. It's just a template.

So yeah, let's first run these commands and as well as these two example is that they are just examples you can play with other architectures who are not really stick to them his gradient boosting progress we are not really stick to the Basic neural net here. You can use the LSTM RNN all other types. Just be sure as it mentioned Previously that it should be regressors models. Okay.

Let me take a pause here until when it's done okay, so it's all done. We need now according to the base markdown we need to restart our call up session and let me also as well according to our guide Change the call up run type change run type type to the TPU and Yes, okay and save here okay, so we can see the here that the connection is happens while it happens we can go to our files on the left and create the folder a new folder custom and Inside this folder. I will just drop our training data set and Jason made the data okay, and okay, everything's inside. Let's run this first cell and we also need to update Copy path here and I need to paste it here okay, let's run this command and it will take a second.

Yeah, we can see our data set got Uploaded let's take a look on the data set we can see here all the temperature and humidity features that I chose Previously are here our hours and dates features our lag feature so please don't make any changes inside the call up with the data set itself All the changes if you want to pick up or drop any features or rename it Everything happens inside terminal right here okay, what's next? Let me you know, so these two models are just as examples. They are just examples. I will create my own Model right now with the code and I will show you that you can use the whole flexibility of the call up Let me take a pause here.

Well, I'm developing my new custom really custom model okay, let's continue. So as we can see here, I just created some basic very basic linear regression rich model so it the performance is not that great, but I don't care about it right now so it's your job to play with the model types and make the model as best as you can so but important note is that as you can see here I added some metrics that I can really where I can really understand how my model is will be will perform in production when it's good deployed and also there are some visuals I added so if you can if you want you can take a pause and here it is my code but the important part right here is how to save the model. So for the Skill earn models you need to use the drop leap function for neural nets. You will need to use the Save function from them from TensorFlow.

So as you can see here on the left My model custom drop leap got dumped. So essentially the weights of the model Got created so I will download these weights to my local laptop one more time. So in the download folder, there is this job leap extension model and let's go to our guide to do we trained we saved okay, we didn't edit any feature columns, so it's okay and we download the train model from the call up and let's upload it back to power virtual machine how to do it Let's clear we need to click upload file and choose this job leap file from my download folder Upload files case got uploaded One caveat that is what uploaded to our home directory so I will go to my home directory name CD and as you can see here no path, so here it is my model custom job leap Model the saved model and I need to move this model to our artifacts folder that I showed you Previously and I can run at this command. I will do some slight change because my path is Real a little bit different from yours.

But as far as I remember you can just run this command Let me take a pause here and I will change this comment for now. So I run this comment and V stands for move. I moved our My model to the artifacts folder. Let me show you how it looks like this list to be preach List I go back to the artifacts directory list and I go back to our custom test folder and this one more time as you can see here Now we have our model custom job leap file in the virtual machine.

How cool is that? So now you really can rerun your model. So the model got saved in the virtual machine and we need to run it and make it run 24-7, right? For this reason Let me clear the terminal output I already have one minor running but I didn't really had to Stop it to experiment it was keep running, but let me show you that I have my running T nooks attached terminal okay, as you can see here my minor is working and making some predictions but I want to change this model since it wasn't performed.

Well, so what I'm doing here I press control X. Sorry control control C you can see I'm stopping my minor. I'm stopping the script and let's clear the terminal and I am inside my BittBridge folder and I did all these changes Let me show you that so look on the teammates as a container It's the container that runs the script the script that you tell it to run so I did all the changes externally and after I stopped my previous minor this Timo's container took all the changes. So it's understand the changes were done.

So let me show you Let's go to the artifacts folder. I will just show you that you can see here our custom test folder in our job leap file. So let's just Restart the minor running this command click run. Okay okay, I need to go one level two level of buffs to them BittBridge you see now I'm on the level of the beat which folder and let's run it one more time okay, I will choose the option number three.

I Don't want to update anything and I don't want to create a new folder I press no here and I need to enter the folder name custom Sorry, what name I used I used custom test custom test custom test so this is the name of the folder of our model inside the artifacts custom test okay, so it was identified. So this model was identified these are good news and it asking us do I want to deploy this model or no if in this folder would be Several models for example, I create one more I don't know linear regression or decision trees or other models and I will drop them as well in in our artifacts folder in the custom test folder there you will have a choice here which model to run, but I want to Deploy the model I created okay, I click run and here we will see the success logs right now okay. Yeah, we can see success that this model got deployed really and after a couple minutes. I will show you that this model is really making the predictions in the real time.

Yeah, I will take a pause for a couple minutes okay, so a couple minutes past and 10 40 my miner made a prediction we can see here that the validator asked it to make a prediction six hours in the future for 440 and we can see here what our miner or what our model used as the input so for example model input role right here is the JSON format file. You can copy it you can copy it and for example go JSON viewer and let's paste it and these all inputs that our miner in real time used to make a prediction. These are weather forecasting okay. So these are good news one thing to mention that your miner will Update here in the plot after six hours.

So when validator actually will receive the real Demand data and can make the evaluation for example, you can track this model. I will I will leave it as it is this is my mind minor number four I use the previously CART model and now I switched to my custom collapse tile model so it will it will make different predictions After six hours also, for example, I have other minor minor 106 and this one is trying and also my custom call up style model. But this one I spent some time making it so it Performed much more better. So I had the R square on validation around like point eight or point nine for example for here for Model that I just deployed my R square R square was point three.

So it's more than just a random guess okay, I think this is mostly it so I hope that you will enjoy just jump in the play and Experiment and yeah, I hope that you watch this video on the double speed. Okay, this is it from my side yeah, reach out if you have any questions please send the screenshots of the bug fixes and we also will be happy if you provide us with feedback. Okay. Bye bite and have a good day Let the hungry day let the hungry game starts.

Okay. Goodbye
