Hi folks. Hi everyone, and I'm happy to see you. My name is Dimitri and Today when this series of video I will walk you through decentralized AI What's even going on right now? Who are miners?

Who are validators? What are you doing? And in the end of these recordings you will understand what's going on really and it will help you to connect all the dots and Why you're doing that? So first things first decentralized AI right the white even matters and how you can really leverage how you can leverage it to use in your life in your career and etc.

So Recently just a month ago. The big milestone was achieved in decentralized AI world It was the proof of concept see because the first Big LLM was trained using only decentralized resources so without multi-million dollars of investment without huge energy costs and thousands of thousands hours of Engineers in some big enterprise companies. So everything happened on decentralized net and Today I will walk you through decentralization Why it even appear in the world, right? What is bit tensor?

What is subnets? Who are miners? validators then I will speak a little bit about Bitbridge about our team and what we've accomplished and in the very end I will show you what you are really working on and how it looks behind the scenes So I think you don't you don't really think about AI just in terms of the open charge if it has the question and get an answer see if so, it's pretty simple and with all your business school or other schools with all your education inside Yukon, I think you utilizes and Uses AI in general more than just Ask the question and I get an answer. So if we zoom out from from this vision, it's Every major technological revolution looked like this a few players build the system and then they control the access Resources and benefits and everyone else becomes a user.

This is what's really different right now with decentralized AI For the first time in history, you can be actually who build who contribute and have an opportunity to participate Yeah, just imagine if intelligence in general if and resources and computational power worked like Intelligence like a big net. This is the core idea of decentralized AI Instead of one company instead of one big enterprise instead of call-up or sorry instead of the Google instead of the Microsoft or open AI or entropic There is thousands and thousands of contributors that are produced independent models computation and They also produce intelligence in general and they the more important they Compete against each other. So it's imagine. It's like the infinite evolution Infinite evolution flow and they have the one goal to improve to get more rewards So core is the very simple the strongest contributors get rewarded based on the merit Nor is a man who experience no connections just whoever Produced the best performance and best results And the question is how do you organize?

Such a thing. There are different visions on decentralized Detritalization in general, but we will show you how the tensor look on the decentralization and So imagine the tensor as the big network It's the large network that are broke down into small parts That are called subnets as you can see on this picture. So subnets. It's the Look at this the subnet means the startup startup inside the bigger network.

So each startup has the Different utility different goals and different types of solutions but Yeah, and inside into this startup is the full ecosystem. So is the Smaller ecosystem inside the bigger ecosystem that that potential so huge big big Sorry, huge ecosystem is the potential and there are a lot of small startups called subnets inside this ecosystem that are separate from the Sorry that are not separate I'm sorry that are They have their own goals and they achieve it in their own ways So yeah core idea is that the tensor uses this subnets Which are essentially the different visions of the AI in simple words the Bit tensor, it's that decentralized AI platform that are running on a blockchain and You can think about the blockchain as the public data set that no one person or entity controls and It's verifiable and where models and contributors compete and calibrate Speaking about the core mechanism I will show you on the next slide, but the miners they produce work validators they evaluate quality of this work and the network in general It assigned rewards for the best performance Automatically based on some rules or incentive mechanisms Okay, I will take a pause here and I will continue with the next next slide with the more easy explanation
