Hey everyone, so today we will speak a little bit about the decentralized AI and specifically about the beat bridge So here is where the everything starts. It's a github repository. It's Public available. You can just go using this link and you will see The code itself and the documentation to it.

So what is beat bridge? It's the decentralized AI network that is built on top of the bit tensor infrastructure and the subnet is basically the Project. So this project is for New England energy demand Prediction and here is the high-level workflow how everything works behind the scenes there is two main Two main actors the validators and miners and Validators basically they Send the challenge to the miner and the challenge they just ask a miner. Hey miner Can you please make a prediction was the energy demand gonna be in next?

five minutes for example and miner they see okay the validators asking me to make a prediction for this timestamp and the miner using the machine learning model or any prediction model making a prediction and Send it back to the validator and then when validator got the actual information. What is the real energy demand Was and this particular timestamp then it has the actual data and predicted data by the miner So here is the validator using incentive mechanism it it evaluate it evaluates miners performance and send Weights to the bit tensor blockchain. So in the blockchain it contains all the All the rewards for the miners Yeah Here is a quick start how to make everything crime so we will work mostly on the miner side because the validators is the maintains team and Validators they are already deployed. So here is how to use this github repository.

Here is the initial read me file Here you can see the guy the Workflow on the high level the checklist what you should do You can use this checklist to be sure that you are working step by step and that you didn't miss anything and Also, if you face any issues, you can identify Exactly where it happened. Okay, I was I will take a pause here
