So the final step is actually run minor. I can just press next here and we are on this page Yeah, we will do it using tmux what is tmux is the special special application on the Linux that allow you to run your scripts on the background Since for example if I will run some script Just as it is here. For example, I don't know Python script by Like I will press run it will run for a while. But when I close this window, it will stop It will close as well and the script will stop to work.

So this is why we use tmux tmux is allow us to Make this script run on the background since so Therefore if we close this window, it will still continue to work As long as the virtual machine deployed on the Google Cloud platform, so I will just copy this command Paste it here. Okay. Yeah, don't forget that you need to activate your virtual environment source Okay, yeah, we can see that here is the dot And We can also update the moving average model if you want how to do it. We can just put list go to CD neurons List here and make nano minor dot 5 and We just can update Number here.

Let's update it from 12 to 24 so we will fetch moving average data for the last two hours since the one time Frame is five minutes. Press it ctrl x to save press Yes, and Press enter here. Okay, we updated it and our next step Is just run this command. Let's try it Here and I press let's copy paste this comment press enter Okay, yeah, so if we updated it we need to Go back to the folder Into the main folder where we can Run this script really so how to go to get back.

It's like CD Dot-dot and we go one level above so as you can see here before we was at bit bridge neurons directory and now We are at bit bridge directory itself. So we need to run this script in the bit bridge directory I can use arrows arrow up arrow up arrow up and Here is the command that I paste previously They say common same comment that is it is here and let me press enter Now should magic. Yeah now we can see logs That the miner is trying to deploy So as we can see here, there's some exon exon means server server got deployed on this IP and the address and The miner running is the good sign. We can see that the miner got deployed on to the subnet number one eight three Here is the minor credentials This is good news Okay, I will take a pause here But in several minutes usually from five to ten You will see sorry You will see the logs like this You will see logs like this.

You will see success log and you will see How miner is making a prediction for the validator request really? Okay, I will take a pause here Yeah, I think this is it you have now you can just Bravely Close this window just like close it and it will work on the back end without your interaction Yeah, if you can DHH from team accession You can you need to use control B plus D. So I press control B release and D. Okay.

Now I'm just I can do whatever I want here But we can see that using them This command Yeah, Teambox LS means least command that there is one minor window that is currently running and we can attach back to it Aim attach Yes, and In five or ten minutes, you will see the logs with the successes and yeah, this is it for now Thank you for watching and Yeah, we can see the success logs here. Yeah Don't be surprised with this error it's fine Some logs just some logs so we can see success the minor was Asked by a validator to make a predictions and using the moving average of the most recent energy data It predicted that for the next five minutes The energy demand going to be this one. How cool is that? Now you can say Everyone that you are successfully deployed prediction model on to that decentralized AI network That's cool.

So in this small assignment you actually Use the Google Cloud Platform you actually use the decentralized AI network the blockchain itself and also predictive model And as well as Linux, right? And I think I I forgot something Hundred percent, but you touched a lot of things This is very cool. Okay. Thanks everybody for watching and Enjoy the rest of your day
